# nanaze.github.io

## About this site

This is a personal website like folks used to have in the halcyon days
of the web. It is primarily intended as a landing page from web search
results, social media bios, etc. It includes a longer biography as
well as a home for longer-form writings.

I am in the process of building this site out to replace my [old
university site](http://cs.wisc.edu/~naze/) now that I've been out of
school for, oh, decades.

## About me

TODO(nanaze): Write.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/nanaze) &#8226;
[GitHub](https://github.com/nanaze) &#8226;
[Facebook](https://facebook.com/nathan.naze)

## Writings

I used to write in small personal blogs. Early on, especially when
blogging was novel, I'd run custom scripts to run these sites &#8212;
my career path was shaped early on from the autodidactic experience of
putting those sites together (on top of a more traditional CS
education). Such experience led to a string of college jobs, which led
to a job and a move to Silicon Valley, many years ago.

I'd eventually stopped "rolling my own" and just settled for a Blogger
account, not having to worry about serving, maintanance, ecetra, but,
as Blogger aged, my interest in writing waned, and I missed the
simplicity and the flexibility.

For years, I'd been meaning to set up something simple just to serve
stable, long-lived pages with stable URLs for when I wanted to publish
something longer than tweet length. GitHub offers a [decent-enough
solution](https://pages.github.com) for serving such static content,
and so I set up a [small repository](https://github.com/nanaze/site)
that simply generates the static files and pushes them to my GitHub
Pages repo, visible here.

That is a work in process that I've just started, but in time, the
list of writings will appear here, in reverse chronological order:


